GitHub Feeds - added note to reference fine-grain tokens (#2201)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/packaging-applications/package-repositories/github-feeds.md

Copy the token that is generated and use this value as the password for the GitHub feed in Octopus Deploy.

:::div{.hint}

> **Note:** Octopus can make use of [GitHub's fine-grained tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#fine-grained-personal-access-tokens) should you wish to have more control over the repositories that can be accessed. These can be created in the same way as the steps above, but selecting the "Fine-grained Tokens" option instead. From there individual repository access can be added for further security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Octopus can make use of [GitHub's fine-grained tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#fine-grained-personal-access-tokens) should you wish to have more control over the repositories that can be accessed. These can be created in the same way as the steps above, but selecting the **Fine-grained tokens** from the navigation menu. From there individual repository access can be added for further security.
```
